docs(subject builder) : docs for the transport and sasl subject builder (#3037)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: kroxylicious-docs/docs/_snippets/snip-subject-builder-common-params.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: SNIPPET

where:

> * `<field name>` identifies the field within the certificate to be extracted.  Supported fields are listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <field name> identifies the certificate field to extract. Valid field names are listed in the **Supported fields** table.
```

> * <field name> identifies the certificate field to extract. Valid field names are listed in the **Supported fields** table.

Reviewer 2: in the SASL inspector guide, it's talking about `certificate` which looks incorrect. maybe we can just drop the `certificate` term from the sentence.

> * `<match replace flags 1>`...`<match replace flags n>` series of replace-matcher used to match and map the field value into its replacement value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `<match replace flags 1>`...`<match replace flags n>` define a set of replacement matchers used to match and transform the field value.
```

* `else` defines the behavior if none of the replace-matcher match the field value.

> `identity` generates a principal based on the (unmapped) field value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`identity` generates a principal based on the original (unmapped) field value.
```

`anonymous` generated an anonymous principal.

> * `<principal factory>` the name of a `PrincipalFactory` implementation. Currently `UserFactory` is the only `PrincipalFactory` supported value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `<principal factory>` is the name of a `PrincipalFactory` implementation. Currently, only `UserFactory` is is supported.
```

Field values are tested against the replace-matchers in the order they appear in the configuration.

> The first replace-matcher to match the field value generates the principal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first matcher that matches the field value generates the principal.
```

After a successful match, the remaining replace-matchers for this field are ignored.

> If no replace-matcher matches, the outcome is defined by the `else` clause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no matcher matches, the outcome is defined by the `else` clause.
```

> If there is no match and no `else` cause, no principal is generated for this field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is no match and no `else` cause is provided, no principal is generated for this field.
```

Reviewer: Should we clarify here that no principal treated as an error or skipped?

:_mod-docs-content-type: SNIPPET

where:

* `<field name>` identifies the field to extract. Valid field names are listed in the **Supported fields** table.
* `<match replace flags 1>`...`<match replace flags n>` define a set of replacement matchers used to match and transform the field value.
* `else` defines the behavior when none of the replacement matchers match the field value.
`identity` generates a principal based on the original (unmapped) field value.
`anonymous` generates an anonymous principal.
* `<principal factory>` the name of a `PrincipalFactory` implementation. Currently, only `UserFactory` is supported.

Field values are tested against the replacement matchers in the order they are configured.
The first matcher that matches the field value generates the principal.
After a successful match, remaining matchers for that field are ignored.

If no matcher matches, the outcome is defined by the `else` clause.
If there is no match and no `else` cause is provided, no principal is generated for this field.

> NOTE: Currently, the subject builder is restricted to producing a subject containing at most one User principal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Currently, the subject builder is restricted to producing a subject containing at most one user principal.
```
